Fixed readme errors (#86)
MindscapeHQ/raygun4java: README.md

    .withCustomData(someData);
```

You can set the factory to have the source location (class, method, line) added to the breadcrumb:
```java
RaygunClientFactory factory = new RaygunClientFactory("YOUR_APP_API_KEY").withBreadcrumbLocations()
```

> While this can be incredibly useful for debugging it is **very resource intensive and will cause performance degredation**. We reccomend that you **do not do this in production**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While this can be incredibly useful for debugging it is **very resource intensive and will cause performance degradation**. We recommend that you **do not do this in production**.
```
